Christopher went to Sonic's world!
Well, we have to bring
him back. Right now!
I don't think we should try to
operate his machine, Mrs. Thorndyke.
Only Chris understands
how it works.
I can't risk tampering
with it, Linsey.
If I damage it in any way,
Chris might be trapped
in Sonic's world forever.
But we can't just leave him there!
We have to trust our son.
But—
Chris knows how to
take care of himself.
And you know, it's never wise
to underestimate a Thorndyke.
[Sigh]
I'm sure Chris will try to communicate
with us, Mrs. Thorndyke.
We'll stay here at the
lab and let you know
right away if we hear from him.
Thank you, Helen. Please do.
Go, go, go, go, go
Gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Movin' at the speed of sound,
quickest hedgehog around
Got ourselves a situation
Stuck in a new location
Without any explanation
No talk of relaxation
Don't, don't, don't
Don't blink, don't think
Just go, go, go, go
Go, go
Sonic is on the run
Sonic, he's number one
Sonic, he's coming next,
so watch out for Sonic X
- Gotta go fast
- Sonic
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go
Sonic X
Gotta go faster,
gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster
Sonic X
CREAM: You detected one
of the Chaos Emeralds?
AMY: Are you sure
about this, Knuckles?
Yes. There's no doubt about it.
I was in the engine room
a few minutes ago,
and I saw the Master Emerald
reacting to something.
It must have been an Emerald.
Check for a planet nearby.
Let's see.
There's one!
That's Planet Secco.
And according to my galactic
guidebook, it's dry as a bone.
Tails, we're gonna land on Planet
Secco and find that Emerald!
Let's go!
I'm supposed to give the orders.
Just do it.
CHRIS: According to the scopes,
there's a lot of
water on this world.
SONIC: Oh, no! We can't land here!
There's gotta be some
kind of mistake!
Tough luck, Sonic.
[Chuckling]
TAILS: Splashdown!
You must have made
a wrong turn, Tails.
The guidebook says
this planet's dry.
Don't blame me, Sonic.
Sounds like your galactic
guidebook's seriously out of date.
There's way too much water here!
I hate water.
CHRIS: Don't sweat it, Sonic.
I have a way for you to stay dry
even when you're underwater.
You're not afraid of
submarines, are you?
Heh, heh...
Launch the subs!
Aaaah!
[Feeble groaning]
Uh-oh. Sonic's looking
pretty seasick.
Lucky for me we're riding
in separate compartments.
Aah! Oh, no!
Wh-wh-wh-wh-whoa!
Are you sure the Chaos
Emerald's somewhere nearby?
I couldn't be surer.
What makes you so certain
we'll find it here, Knuckles?
Because I've got a natural
knack for finding things.
Oh.
I'll show ya.
[Grunting]
[Grunting with effort]
Why don't we dig for
the Chaos Emerald, too?
Ahh!
[Grunting with effort]
[Humming]
Oh!
Hmm?
This is gonna be a long day.
You don't think Sonic and Chris ran
into some kind of trouble, do you?
Wouldn't be surprised.
[Coughing]
Sorry.
Where are we?
Hey, look!
Huh?
[Groaning]
Sonic, come on.
You're safe now.
Huh?
Aah!
They're Metarex.
Yeah, and whoever sent them here
designed them especially for the water.
Right, I bet their boss
stole the Planet Egg and
turned this place
into a waterworld.
I knew there was something
fishy goin' on.
[Growling]
Ah!
[Sounds of fighting]
[Growling]
Run while you have the chance!
I'm not afraid.
I've got a black
belt in karate now!
You know karate?
Tanaka gave me martial
arts lessons.
I'll chop through these fishy
freaks and turn 'em into sushi!
Hmm!
Ha!
Huh?
Ahh.
Hmm.
Uhh!
Uhh.
Ah!
Quit kidding around, Chris!
I'm not a kid!
Get going! I'll take care of them!
Don't you want me to help you?
That's okay.
Leave the fightin' to
the experts, Chris.
No wonder Sonic doesn't believe me.
I have the skills
of an 18-year-old,
but the strength of a 12-year-old.
Maybe I can stop these things
with a surprise counter attack.
Hm.
Ah!
Gotcha!
Huh?
Aah!
Aaah!
[Roaring]
Ah!
[Continued growling]
[Sounds of fighting]
Get help!
But, Sonic—
Get in that sub and get going!
Look behind you!
Huh?
[Growling]
Uhhh!!
Huh!
[Coughing]
Just don't panic.
Whoa! Whoa!
Aaaah!
They got him.
Uhhhhh!
Just hold on, Sonic.
I'm coming for ya!
[Growling]
Go before the Metarex get you!
I won't leave you!
You have to.
If they catch you, neither
one of us'll survive!
All right, I'll go.
[Growling]
You hang in there, Sonic.
TAILS: Sonic was captured?
Yeah, but I'm going
back to rescue him.
By yourself? There's no way, Chris!
Trust me, I know what
I'm doing, Tails.
No, you don't!
I do!
But what's your plan, Chris?
I'll fly back to where
Sonic is, and I—
Uh... I don't know.
We can save Sonic
if we use teamwork!
There's no reason for you
to go it all alone, okay?
Okay.
[Beeping]
This is the Blue Typhoon. Over.
It's Amy.
I'm calling from under the island.
I have some bad news about Sonic.
He got captured.
How'd you find that out?
I just made a whole
bunch of new friends.
They saw the Metarex
capturing Sonic.
We've gotta go rescue him, Amy!
I'll take care of it, Chris.
These folks will show me
where Sonic's being held.
When he sees me coming, his
heart'll start pounding
faster than my hammer!
[Giggling]
"Thanks for saving me Amy!"
"My pleasure, Sonic!"
"Amy, you're the most beautiful
girl in the universe."
"Oh Sonic, really?"
"Now I see what a fool I've
been for waiting so long, Amy.
Will you marry me?"
"Aaah! Sonic, of course I will!"
[Kissing sounds] Uhh... excuse me?
Is that you, Sonic?
No, it's me, Chris.
We have to rescue
Sonic right away, Amy!
What do you mean "we"? I
don't need a chaperone!
Okay!
Tails, I'll need some
time to set Sonic free.
Pick us up in the X Tornado
in an hour, got it?
Sure, Amy.
Need any help getting
the X Tornado ready?
I don't think so, Chris.
Why don't you go take a rest?
You might want to
wash up a bit, too.
Hmm?
Oh.
I learned so much in
the past six years.
I got self-confidence when
Tanaka taught me self-defense.
Grandpa gave me flying lessons and
helped me get my pilot's license.
I even got a part-time job after school
so I could get work experience.
But now it's like I'm back
where I was six years ago.
Leave the fightin' to
the experts, Chris.
Maybe it wasn't such a good
idea to come here after all.
Sonic and the others
don't need my help.
They all have incredible powers.
Every time we get into trouble,
one of them jumps into
action and saves the day,
and I just stand there watching.
I want to help, but what can I do?
Even Cream and Cheese
can do more than I can.
I may as well face it—I'm
totally useless,
and I should've stayed home.
[Breaking glass]
[Gasp]
I'm coming.
But something told me
Sonic was in danger.
That's why I had to
come here. I had to!
HELEN: Are those your
new designs, Chris?
Well, they're just some ideas.
Let me see.
Hmm, interesting.
What's this?
It doesn't have a name yet,
but if it works,
it could help Sonic get energy
wherever he needs it out in space.
And this?
These are speed shoes.
The soles are made from
a special compound
that helps the shoe
grip the ground,
CHRIS: while at the same time reducing—
HELEN: [Giggling]
Maybe they're all silly.
I think they're all wonderful.
You do?
[Laughing]
I do.
Heh.
I have learned a lot in six years!
And Sonic does need me!
I can help him!
This is the only entrance.
I'm afraid it will be impossible
to reach your friend.
I'll get in.
How can you?
I'll use a little
friendly persuasion.
I warn you—those
guards are vicious!
So am I!
[Grunting]
Huh!
Uh. Ohh!
[Growling]
Ah! Ah!
Hey, pal, if you're hungry,
let's order a pizza!
AMY: Sonic!
Huh?
[Grunting with every swing]
Huh!
Okay, guys. I'm coming to get ya!
Begin launch sequence.
Catapult ready. Launch!
Hmm.
Ah!
[Panting]
Huh?
Ah!
There's my sweetie!
Oh!
Hnnnnnnnnngh!
Whoa!
Ah!
You're supposed to catch me!
Oh, sorry.
Amy, look out!
[Roar]
Ah!
[Grunt]
Come on, we've got
a plane to catch!
Aah! Oof, oof, oof, oof!
Ah! Ah! Ah! Oof!
[Growling]
Huh!
Amy!
Ah!
Whoa!
I'm heading back to
the Blue Typhoon.
Roger.
Now that I'm free,
how about untying me?
Missed me!
Oh!
Sonic!
Next time you want
to rescue me, don't!
Whoa! Ah!
Huh?
CHRIS: Hey, Sonic!
That's Chris!
Try these!
Where is he?
How's he doing that?
Thanks for the lift, pal!
They're hover shoes, Amy.
Now, that's an inventive invention!
Thanks, Tails.
Guys, look! More
Metarex on the way!
Now that I can stay dry,
those fish heads are washed up!
[Growling]
[Sounds of fighting]
Uhhhhhhh!
[Grunt]
Huh!
Uh!
Couldn't have done
it without ya, Chris.
The Planet Egg!
CHRIS: Mission accomplished!
Oh, we have our land back!
[Excited clamoring]
I can't believe it!
It's amazing!
Our planet's returning to normal.
Oh.
I must have fallen asleep.
Oh!
Ahh!
Chao!
Hmm?
Chao chao chao chao!
Cheese, what's the—you found it!
Wait up!
[Panting]
Chao chao chao chao chao!
Ahh.
Huh?
This feels fantastic!
Back on solid ground!
[Laughs]
These shoes are great!
Hold on to 'em for me, will ya?
If you like the shoes, I've got
some other stuff you can try.
Will do.
Come on, I'll race you
back to the Blue Typhoon.
[Laughter]